we invited a small group of media
primarily from the off-road website
community to come down and see bark
Miller talked about Miller and get a
chance to take a drive in the Touareg to
race vehicle this is the first time
they've actually seen the car in the
flesh and they're gonna get a chance to
take some rides in it today came out
here for offers.com during sports
magazine there's been a lot of talk
about the Volkswagen motor sports coming
out with the Tauri tube so we had to
come out firsthand and see how the car
with perform hallmark is handling
driving the car
I had no idea what a great driver he
really is I mean he's absolutely he's he
and the vehicle are one it's just he's
got such a finesse and grace behind the
steering wheel is very technical law
turns there's quite a bit of whoops we
think is a good sense of what the car
can do and what the limits are overall I
think it does have a good shot at
finishing the race we're gonna be
following closely the main goal today is
just a showcase Volkswagens history and
off-road racing this car here is
actually an evolution of the very first
ba 1000 winning vehicle and this is a
Volkswagen Type 1 engine it's seventeen
hundred and seventy-six CCS and it's
based on the original type one
Volkswagen engine we've altered a little
bit by putting a tech for fan shroud and
a Porsche alternator on it but this
engine here produces about 140
horsepower this vehicle I would figure
there's no way that it will be
competitively than a score event because
of the ground clearance and how much
more rocks and bogles there are in Baja
compared to what they do in the car well
I'm totally wrong this is this vehicle
that I wrote in it is gonna be a strong
contender for a overall win at our event
next week often day I think everyone had
fun race car cruise itself awesome
vehicle so the next time I'm going to
see you will be at the race on Saturday
June 2nd looking forward to it
you